@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_long_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_short_bounce.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_long.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_short.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\tabbar.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\toolbar.xml
attr;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
background;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
background;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
bitmap;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\splash_centered.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj\Debug\90\res\values\colors.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
external-cache-path;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
integer;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\values\settings.xml
item;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
item;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\splash_centered.xml
item;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
layer-list;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\splash_centered.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
paths;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
resources;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\values\settings.xml
resources;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_long_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_short_bounce.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right_short.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top_long.xml
rotate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_long_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_short_bounce.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top_short.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_long.xml
scale;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\empty_animation.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\empty_animation_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\empty_animation_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_left_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_right_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_from_top_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_landing_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_left_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_right_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_from_top_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_rotate_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_left_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_right_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_from_top_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_scale_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_from_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_landing_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_rotate_to_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_from_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_scale_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_long.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_long_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_short.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_short_bounce.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
shape;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\splash_centered.xml
solid;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\splash_centered.xml
style;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
style;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\empty_animation.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\empty_animation_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\empty_animation_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_left_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_right_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_from_top_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_bottom_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_left_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_right_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\enter_roll_from_top_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_bottom_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_left_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_right_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_roll_to_top_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_bottom_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_left_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_right_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_long.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_long_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_short.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\animator\exit_to_top_short_bounce.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;C:\Users\aryan\Documents\Barney Mcgrew\IPSCCompanionApp\IPSCCompanionApp\CompetitorCompanion.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
